TOLIS Group, INC.

LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement ("Agreement"), provided by TOLIS Group, Inc.
("TOLIS"), governs the use of the object code version of the BRU
brand computer software, documentation and materials accompanying this
Agreement or otherwise provided in connection herewith (collectively,
"Software"), owned by TOLIS, by the person or entity ("Client") that
has clicked on the "Agree" button below.  For purposes of this
Agreement, Software may be the BRU Sever server, agent, or console
component.


*************************************************************
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MUST SELECT THE "DO NOT
AGREE" OPTION AND YOU MUST NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
*************************************************************

1. LICENSE AND USE RESTRICTIONS.

Subject to all other terms of this Agreement including the payment of
any applicable fees, TOLIS hereby grants to Client a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license, without the right to grant sublicenses, to
use one (1) copy of the Software solely for Client's own, internal
purposes.  The foregoing license includes the right of Client to make
a reasonable number of copies of the computer programs contained in
the Software solely for backup and archival purposes; provided,
however, that all such copies shall be deemed Software for purposes
of this Agreement.  The foregoing license shall terminate immediately
and without notice for any breach of this Agreement by Client,
including any failure to pay fees when due.  Upon any such termination,
Client shall immediately destroy or delete any and all Software and
promptly confirm in writing that Client has done so.

The Software is and shall remain the sole and exclusive confidential
and proprietary property of TOLIS, subject to protection under the
intellectual property laws of the United States and those throughout
the world.  Client agrees not to use or disclose the Software, during
and after the term of this Agreement, except as expressly permitted by
this Agreement.  Client further agrees not to modify the Software,
remove any notices or markings on the Software, or reverse compile,
reverse assemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to learn or
disclose the trade secrets contained in the Software, transfer the
Software in whole or in part over a network, or permit any third party
to do any of the foregoing.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed as conferring any license under any of TOLIS's intellectual
property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise,
except for those licenses expressly granted herein.


2. WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER.

TOLIS warrants that for a period of sixty (60) days from the date of
receipt by Client of the Software, the media on which the Software was
delivered shall be without defects in materials or workmanship.  TOLIS
agrees to replace any defective media which is returned to TOLIS
within the foregoing sixty (60) day period.  TOLIS may make available
to Client additional services, including updates, enhancements or
improvements of or to the Software, under separate written agreement,
and for additional payment.

THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS THE ONLY WARRANTY GIVEN HEREUNDER.  EXCEPT
AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED ABOVE, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.  ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.  Some states do not
allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing
limitations may not apply to you.

3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TOLIS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ADVISED BEFOREHAND
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY
OF TOLIS HEREUNDER EXCEED THE SUM OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100),
REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE.

4. GENERAL.

Any action related to this Agreement shall be governed by the
substantive laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to conflicts
of law principles.  The State and Federal courts located in Maricopa
County, Arizona, shall have sole jurisdiction over any dispute arising
hereunder, and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction
of such courts.  Neither this Agreement, nor any rights hereunder, may
be assigned by operation of law or otherwise, in whole in part, by
Client without the prior, written permission of TOLIS.  Any sale of
more than fifty percent (50%) of the common voting stock of, or other
right to control, Client shall be deemed an assignment.  Any purported
assignment without such permission shall be void.  Any waiver of any
rights of TOLIS under this Agreement must be in writing, signed by
TOLIS, and any such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of any future
breach of this Agreement.  In the event any portion of this Agreement
is found to be illegal or unenforceable, such portion shall be severed
from this Agreement, and the remaining terms shall be separately
enforced.  The parties agree that any breach or threatened breach of
this Agreement by Client is likely to cause TOLIS damage that is not
fully reparable by payment of damages, and further agree that in such
case TOLIS shall be entitled to seek and obtain injunctive or other
equitable relief to protect its rights hereunder.  Client's
performance hereunder and use of the Software shall at all times
comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including
those governing export of technical information, and Client shall
fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless TOLIS against any violation
thereof.  This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to this subject matter, and supersedes any and all prior
or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional communications,
negotiations or agreements.

Thank you for doing business with TOLIS Group, Inc.!

TOLIS Group, Inc.
21360 N 19th Ave
Suite B13
Phoenix, AZ  85027
bruinfo@tolisgroup.com
